the BitFenix prodigy M is compact and
ready for anything
click now to learn more welcome to kind
of a cheating unboxing this is the
corsair Raptor k 30 I do have a box and
there is a keyboard inside but I have
definitely already taken it out of the
box so inside you will find the keyboard
of course the presentation of yours will
be a little bit better because your box
won't be ripped and your keyboard will
be like wrapped in plastic or something
you also find did you do to do a
warranty guide as well as a QuickStart
guide but quite frankly if you need a
Quick Start Guide for a keyboard than
here let me help you this is a USB port
no this isn't a port this is a plug
maybe I should check the Quick Start
Guide no I'm just kidding ah the USB
plug goes into the computer and then
don't worry about it too much beyond
that now what is the K 30 do differently
than the other Corsair keyboard well
number one is that it is more value
conscious which is to say it's cheaper
it's less expensive it has membrane key
cat chats I did it again we lost a
previous shock as I said key caps it has
membrane key switches versus mechanical
key switches it sure what you'll find on
Corsairs higher-end keyboards like the
k7 year the K 95 it also has plastic
construction so even though you've still
got that same two-tone sort of sleek
looking finish with the black with the
back black base plate and the silver top
it is all made of plastic on this
particular model and you've only got a
single color backlight although at this
price it is actually kind of nice to see
a backlight at all so it has a red
backlight with six levels of
illumination and it doesn't have quite
as many banks of macro keys as some of
the higher-end keyboards although I
personally find this to be enough
because particularly if you're gaming on
WASD can you really reach over to a
second or a third bank of macro keys I
kind of doubt it and you have three
different layers of functionality for
them with the M keys up at the top
you've got a Windows lock key brightness
adjust dedicated key so no function
nonsense for that you've also got
dedicated media keys although I really
wish that they'd found a way to
implement their volume scrollbar instead
of just volume buttons like they have on
their higher-end keyboards that's kind
of unfortunate it is not a ten keyless
model so you have the full keyboard
layout and if there was
one thing that I was going to say is a
little bit funny about this one
you've got color-coded WASD which is
normal but see this the spacebar
actually has a bit of an angle to it so
it is not necessarily as optimized for
typing where you'd expect the spacebar
to be more flat but it is definitely
more comfortable if you have a more
relaxed WASD position on the keyboard
this isn't something that Corsair
markets but you can actually see the
entire bottom row has that curvature to
it which isn't something that you would
normally find on a keyboard it does
feature anti-ghosting technology so
while it's not you know in key rollover
or anything like that you're not going
to be running into issues normal into
normal use where you're pressing buttons
and you're having random extra
keystrokes generated and ok we can flip
around to the bottom where you have
rubber feet on the bottom
unfortunately no rubber feet are built
into the little stand up pieces however
these two at the bottom are quite large
and robust so you shouldn't have too
much difficulty with that and finally of
course there's the onboard memory so
that means that once you've set up these
advanced macro keys and whatever else
that you set up on it you don't have to
worry about installing the driver
software on any PC that you would happen
to use it on or if you reformat or
whatever else because it will be stored
on the memory built into the keyboard so
thank you for checking out my unboxing
an overview of the corsair raptor K 30
gaming keyboard don't forget to
subscribe - tech tips from unboxings are
these another computer videos like the
video if you liked it dislike if you
disliked it and leave a comment if you
know anyone named Fred I don't